You'd better think about it after you get along with me
If you have anything to say to me, don’t let me make the noise myself. I
Lin'er: You did it on your own without mercy.
Let’s all think about that time when you started to scatter me, true minister, why?
You are my best friend.
In fact, you are a better friend than me.
I just remember it.
Okay, let’s talk about some practice today.
Why were you at that party last week?
I'm here. What happened?
Are you really afraid to eat with you because of me?
Yes. It flies on Monday.
It was he who asked me to go. Because it was
No, you are what I often do naturally
After disappearing from his world
Don't bid anymore. I understand, I don't understand, I can't.
it's because of me
it's your fault
Don't do it from now on
I'll take it home first
Then I look for something
Because I put it to work
I want to visit Yunzhou first
you promise me
Let me go to see him alone